Update web-application-firewall-troubleshoot.md (#92554)
Azure/azure-content: articles/web-application-firewall/ag/web-application-firewall-troubleshoot.md

![WAF exclusion lists](../media/web-application-firewall-troubleshoot/waf-config.png)

> You can create exclusions for WAF in Application Gateway at different scope levels. See [more information on exclusion scopes](application-gateway-waf-configuration.md#exclusion-scopes)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can create exclusions for WAF in Application Gateway at different scope levels. For more information, see [Web Application Firewall exclusion lists](application-gateway-waf-configuration.md#exclusion-scopes).
```
